---
title: Lombok • Exclude Generated Code From Test Coverage
title_style: titlew
canonical_url: https://www.kapresoft.com/java/2023/03/13/lombok-exclude-generated-code-from-test-coverage.html
image: /assets/images/kapresoft1-210x.png
category: java
related: lombok
description: "Maximize your Java project's test coverage accuracy by learning how to exclude Lombok-generated code with the Maven Surefire plugin. Get started now."
---

## Overview

When using Lombok in a Java project, the library generates code at compile-time, such as getters, setters, constructors, equals and hashCode methods, and more. <!--excerpt-->This generated code can impact the accuracy of test coverage reports, since the generated code is not explicitly tested in unit tests. 

To exclude the generated code from test coverage reports, you can use Maven Surefire plugin to exclude the generated code files from the coverage reports. This is accomplished by configuring the plugin to exclude files with the Lombok-generated suffix _*.java. By excluding these files from the coverage report, you can get a more accurate view of the actual test coverage of your project.

## Excluding Generated Code From Report

When using Maven to generate test coverage reports, you may want to exclude the generated code from the report to get a more accurate view of the actual test coverage. Here's how you can exclude generated code from test coverage when using Lombok with Maven:

### Add the following plugin to your Maven pom.xml file:

```xml
<build>
  <plugins>
    <plugin>
      <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
      <artifactId>maven-surefire-plugin</artifactId>
      <version>3.0.0-M5</version>
      <configuration>
        <excludes>
          <exclude>**/*_.java</exclude>
        </excludes>
      </configuration>
    </plugin>
  </plugins>
</build>
```

The `**/*_.java` pattern in the _excludes_ element will exclude all Java files generated by Lombok from the test coverage report. The _* suffix is used by Lombok to mark generated files.
With this configuration, the generated code will be excluded from the test coverage report, giving you a more accurate view of the actual test coverage.

## Developer Pain Points 

If generated code is not excluded from code coverage reporting tools, it can create false positives and inflate the code coverage metrics, leading to several developer pain points. Some of these pain points are:

### Difficulty in identifying the actual code coverage:

If generated code is included in the code coverage reports, it becomes difficult to determine the actual code coverage. This can lead to a false sense of security and make it difficult to identify areas of the code that require more testing.

### Maintenance overhead

Generated code is typically automatically generated and can change frequently. Including this code in the code coverage report can create additional maintenance overhead for developers as they need to constantly update the report.

### Time-consuming

Including generated code in the code coverage report can increase the time required to run the code coverage tool. This can be particularly significant for large projects, which may have a lot of generated code.

### Inaccurate results

Including generated code in the code coverage report can lead to inaccurate results as it is not the actual code written by the developers. This can make it difficult to identify areas of the code that require more testing and can also make it difficult to measure the effectiveness of testing efforts.

## In Conclusion

Excluding generated code from test coverage reports is an important step in ensuring accurate and meaningful test coverage results for Java projects that use Lombok. This not only helps in getting a more accurate view of test coverage but also relieves developers from potential pain points. By following the steps outlined above and configuring the Maven Surefire plugin to exclude the generated code files, you can get a more accurate view of your test coverage and make more informed decisions about the quality of your code.

## For More Info

For more info, visit the Lombok Project page at [https://projectlombok.org/](https://projectlombok.org/)
